NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S!"
Akiza: WHAT ON EARTH
IS THAT THING?
Yusei: LOOKS
LIKE ONE OF THOSE
DARK SIGNER MARKINGS.
Trudge: IT'S AN EARTHQUAKE!
MAYBE.
THAT SPOT...
IT'S WHERE THE FIRST
ENER-D REACTOR WAS.
AND I HAVE
A HUNCH THE PORTAL
IT OPENED UP
TO THE NETHERWORLD
IS NOW OPEN
FOR BUSINESS.
Crow: YUSEI, ROMAN SAID
THAT IF WE FAILED TO SEAL
THE FOUR TOWERS IN TIME,
THEN THE KING OF
THE NETHERWORLD
WOULD APPEAR.
Yusei: I KNOW. AND I'M
GUESSING THAT'S HIM.
Leo: OK. SO WE GOT TO STOP
IT, ONLY QUESTION IS HOW?
Jack: WHOA.
Akiza:
OUR MARKS...
Jack: IT'S THE...
Yusei: CRIMSON DRAGON!
[KIDS SCREAM]
ARE WE INSIDE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON?
YEP, AND WE'RE
GOING SOMEWHERE
IN A HURRY.
Crow: YEAH? WELL, I THINK
OUR STOP IS COMING UP!
YOU MAY HAVE
SUCCEEDED IN DEFEATING
THE DARK SIGNERS,
BUT NOT IN TIME
TO CLOSE THE DOORS
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
[CHUCKLES SINISTERLY]
WHAT IS THAT?
IT'S THE FINAL MARK, BUT
WHAT DO YOU WANT WITH IT?
Goodwin: I WANT TO
USE IT.
Yusei:
WHOA. WHAT IS HE DOING?
Goodwin: THAT METAL ARM
WAS A CONDUIT--
A DEVICE TO TRANSFER
THE POWER
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON
TO ME!
BUT WHY? WHAT
DO YOU PLAN
TO DO WITH IT?
WHAT ELSE?
TO BECOME ALL-POWERFUL
AND RULE THE WORLD!
AND NOW, WITH MY DARK SIGN
AND THE POWER MY BROTHER
ENTRUSTED TO ME,
I SHALL!
[GOODWIN LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
WE WILL DUEL ON
THE CREST OF THE CONDOR.
THERE I WILL CRUSH
YOU SIGNERS.
NOW, THEN WILL YOU
AGREE TO THIS DUEL
OR WILL YOU NOT?
SURE, IF BEATING
YOU MEANS THAT THING
GOES BYE-BYE!
YOU WRETCHED SIGNERS
ARE THE ONES
WHO'LL BE GETTING
THE BEATING!
BRING IT ON!
NO ONE HERE IS AFRAID
OF YOU, GOODWIN!
SO LET'S GO!
[GOODWIN LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
OH!
Yusei: HEY! LOOK!
NO WAY!
Akiza: OUR MARKS!
Luna: THEY'RE GONE!
[GOODWIN LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
SOMEHOW HE'S TAKEN THEM
ALL FOR HIMSELF!
I'LL STOP AT NOTHING
TO RULE ALL!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Angela: WE'RE LIVE AT
MAYA MEMORIAL PARK
WHERE AT 5:47 P.M. TODAY,
A MYSTERIOUS LIGHT
APPEARED OVER DIRECTOR
GOODWIN'S MANSION
THAT IS SIMILAR IN
SHAPE TO THE NAZCA LINES
OF A CONDOR GEOGLYPH.
NOW, AS YOU CAN SEE,
THIS STRANGE LIGHT
IS SURROUNDED
BY A POWERFUL
BLUE ENERGY SHIELD.
SO I'M AFRAID THIS IS
AS CLOSE AS WE CAN GET.
BUT EVEN SO,
IT'S CLOSE ENOUGH
TO SEE THAT SOMETHING
BIG IS HAPPENING.
NOW THE ONLY QUESTION
THAT REMAINS IS
JUST WHAT THAT SOMETHING IS.
[GOODWIN LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
IT'S ONLY A MATTER
OF TIME BEFORE I
DEFEAT YOU SIGNERS!
I'LL STOP AT NOTHING
TO RULE ALL!
Crow: THEN I GUESS
IT'S UP TO US
TO STOP YOU!
AND I'LL START
BY THROWING
TWO FACE-DOWNS.
THIS GUY'S
ALL TALK, DON'T
YOU THINK, YUSEI?
WE'LL SEE.
[GROWLING]
THE KING OF
THE NETHERWORLD
FAST APPROACHES.
AND WHEN HE ARRIVES,
YOU CAN BE SURE THAT
ALL YOU SEE AROUND YOU
WILL BE DESTROYED
SO THAT I CAN CREATE
A NEW WORLD TO RULE--
A WORLD THAT WILL BE
MADE IN MY IMAGE!
[GOODWIN LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
WE GOT TO STOP
GOODWIN, BUT HOW?
BY WINNING.
Yusei: CROW, YOU DONE
WITH YOUR TURN?
SURE AM.
WHO'S UP NEXT?
ME! SO GET SET, GOODWIN,
BECAUSE I HAVE
A FEW SURPRISES
IN STORE FOR YOU,
AND NOT THE KIND YOU
WRAP UP WITH A BOW.
NO, THEY'RE THE SORT
THAT PUT POWER-MAD
MEGALOMANIACS LIKE YOU
IN THEIR PLACE.
HERE GOES.
FIRST, I PLACE A FACEDOWN.
SECOND, I SUMMON FORTH
MAGIC HOLE GOLEM
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT, I'LL USE GOLEM'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
NOW, ONCE PER TURN, I CAN
CUT HALF THE ATTACK POINTS
OF A MONSTER ON MY FIELD
AND THEN USE THAT
MONSTER TO WAGE A DIRECT
ATTACK ON YOU.
AND THIS TURN,
THE MONSTER I'M CHOOSING
IS MAD ARCHFIEND.
THERE'S NO TIME
LIKE THE PRESENT.
LET HIM HAVE IT,
MAD ARCHFIEND!
BONE SHARD SHOWER!
HEY, I WANT TO GET
IN ON THIS FUN!
AND THANKS TO ONE
OF THE FACEDOWN CARDS
I PLAYED LAST TURN,
I'M HAPPY TO REPORT
THAT I'M ABOUT TO.
I PLAY THE TRAP CARD
SHADOW DANCE.
SEE, IF A MONSTER
ATTACKS YOU DIRECTLY,
SHADOW DANCE
THEN ACTIVATES,
AND YOU TAKE
AN ADDITIONAL
1,000 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
WHAT?
YOU SEE? I TRIED
TO GIVE YOU FAIR
WARNING BEFORE, GOODWIN.
YOU MAY HAVE
BOTH THE POWER OF
THE LIGHT AND THE DARK,
BUT IT'S STILL NO MATCH
FOR WHAT WE HAVE--
THE POWER YOU
GET FOR FIGHTING FOR
WHAT'S GOOD AND RIGHT.
AND IF YOU NEED
MORE PROOF, HERE!
TAKE THIS.
I PLAY RISING RUSH!
THIS TRAP ACTIVATES
WHEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE
FROM AN EFFECT,
AND IT ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON ONE TUNER
MONSTER FROM MY HAND.
AND THE TUNER MONSTER I'M
SUMMONING IS JUNK SYNCHRON.
NICE! YOU TAKE IT
FROM HERE, YUSEI.
MY TURN.
AND FIRST I'LL TUNE
LEVEL 3 JUNK SYNCHRON
WITH LEVEL 4
MAX WARRIOR.
NOW FROM TWO COMES ONE,
AND A POWERFUL ONE
AT THAT.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE JUNK ARCHER!
AND NOW I'LL USE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY.
WITH IT, I'M ALLOWED
TO REMOVE A MONSTER
OF YOURS FROM PLAY
UNTIL THE END PHASE
OF THE ROUND
SO LET YOUR ARROW
FLY, JUNK ARCHER,
AND TAKE OUT
MOON DRAGON QUILLA
WITH BULL'S EYE
BANISHING.
YEAH! THAT'S WHAT
YOU GET WHEN YOU GO
ONE-ON-THREE, GOODWIN!
AND THERE'S A WHOLE
LOT MORE TO COME, TOO.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, YUSEI?
YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT.
NOW, JUNK ARCHER,
LET HIM HAVE IT!
ATTACK GOODWIN DIRECTLY.
WHY, THANKS. YOU JUST
SET OFF MY TRAP--
OFFERING TO
THE IMMORTALS!
YOU SEE, IF ONE OF
YOUR MONSTERS DECLARES
A DIRECT ATTACK
AND I HAVE NO MONSTERS
ON MY FIELD,
THAT ATTACK IS NEGATED.
THEN I GET TO
SUMMON TWO SACRIFICIAL
STONE MONUMENT TOKENS.
AND THERE'S MORE.
I ALSO GET TO ADD
AN EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
TO MY HAND.
YOU WHAT?
HE NEGATED THE ATTACK,
SUMMONED TWO TOKENS,
AND GOT THAT IMMORTAL
ALL JUST BECAUSE HE
PLAYED THAT ONE TRAP CARD?
THIS DUEL MIGHT BE TOUGHER
THAN WE THOUGHT.
OH, YES, IT WILL BE.
THE LIGHT AND DARKNESS
ARE POWERFUL ALLIES.
AND THEY'RE BOTH
ON MY SIDE.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
AND THAT IMMORTAL'S
GONNA BE ON
THE FIELD SOON.
I PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
[GOODWIN LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS.
MOON DRAGON QUILLA
RETURNS TO THE FIELD.
NOT GOOD.
MY TURN NOW!
FIRST I'LL RELEASE
MY TWO SACRIFICIAL STONE
MONUMENT TOKENS.
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
BECAUSE YOU WERE
RIGHT, JACK.
MY EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
WILL BE ON THE FIELD SOON,
SOON BEING RIGHT NOW.
COME FORTH,
WIRAQOCHA RASCA!
CHECK IT OUT!
THAT GLOW'S
GETTING CLOSE!
AAH!
OH!
WHOA. I ALWAYS
SAW MYSELF IN LIGHTS
BUT DIDN'T WANT
TO ACTUALLY
BECOME A LIGHT.
QUICK! RUN FOR IT!
THEIR SPIRITS,
HE'S TAKING THEM!
NO. HE'S USING THEM...
TO POWER UP
THAT MONSTROSITY.
[GROWLING]
Duel runner computer:
EARTHBOUND IMMORTAL
WIRAQOCHA RASCA IS
A LEVEL 10 WINGED BEAST
WITH 1 ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINT.
[WIRAQOCHA RASCA GROWLING]
Jack: MORE BAD NEWS.
THAT THING'S
GETTING CLOSER!
Crow: AND IT LOOKS LIKE
HE'S INVITED SOME FRIENDS.
[MONSTERS SQUAWKING]
AAH!
I HOPE YOU'RE
ALL ENJOYING
MY REINFORCEMENTS.
SURE, IT MAY BE A BIT
UNFAIR TO ATTACK YOU
WITH MONSTERS
THAT AREN'T
FROM MY DECK,
BUT WHEN YOU HAVE
SUCH POWERS AS I,
IT WOULD BE A SHAME
TO NOT USE THEM.
AND BESIDES, IT'S NOT
LIKE YOU CAN STOP ME!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
YOU SNAKE!
Yusei: WHOA. THAT'S
AKIZA'S DRAGON,
AND THERE'S LUNA'S.
WOW. GUESS WE
SIGNERS CAN HELP OUT
WITH OUR OWN
REINFORCEMENTS, TOO!
LET 'EM HAVE IT!
Luna: ANCIENT FAIRY
DRAGON ATTACK.
Akiza: GO,
BLACK ROSE DRAGON!
[CROW CHUCKLES]
NICE MOVES! THANKS, GUYS!
IF HE'S GONNA
PLAY DIRTY,
THEN HE'S GONNA
HAVE TO ANSWER
TO US!
YEAH! DON'T WORRY.
WE'VE GOT YOUR BACKS!
[KURIBON CHIRPS]
YEAH! ME, TOO!
SO DO I,
ALL THE WAY!
WE'VE GOT
YOU GUYS COVERED!
THEN WHAT ARE
WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S WIN THIS!
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
WHY DO YOU FIGHT WHEN
YOUR FATE IS SEALED?
SEALED, HUH?
SORRY, GOODWIN,
BUT I BELIEVE THAT
WE MAKE OUR OWN FATE.
AS DID I, BUT THAT
WAS BEFORE I KNEW
THE POWER YOU SEE
BEFORE YOU--THE POWER
ETCHED INTO MY VERY BEING.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
FATE IS MADE.
BUT NOW THAT I RULE
BOTH THE LIGHT
AND THE DARKNESS,
IT'S MADE ONLY BY ME.
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
YOU'RE WRONG!
IF YOU STILL REFUSE
TO BELIEVE ME, YUSEI,
THEN I'LL DEMONSTRATE
WITH RASCA.
YOU SEE, ITS SPECIAL
ABILITY LETS ME LOWER
YOUR LIFE POINTS TO ONE
SIMPLY BY SKIPPING
MY BATTLE PHASE!
Jack:
YOU MUST BE JOKING!
YOU CAN'T DO THAT.
HE'LL BE
A SITTING DUCK!
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
THAT'S THE POINT.
I TRIED TO WARN YOU.
IT IS DECIDED.
YOU'RE DONE FOR,
ALL OF YOU!
Crow: WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU, GOODWIN?
YOU USED TO BELIEVE
IN HELPING OTHERS,
NOT JUST YOURSELF.
Yusei: CROW, DON'T!
WHEN YOU TRIED
TO BUILD THAT BRIDGE
FOR US SATELLITE KIDS,
I LOOKED UP TO YOU.
YOU WERE MY HERO,
AND I KNOW DEEP DOWN
YOU STILL GOT
THAT IN YOU!
YOU'RE WRONG. I'M SIMPLY
NOT THAT MAN ANYMORE.
YES, YOU ARE!
LOOK, I KNOW IT
DIDN'T WORK OUT
THE WAY YOU WANTED,
BUT YOU GOT
TO REALIZE,
JUST YOU TRYING CHANGED
ALL OF OUR LIVES.
IT GAVE US ALL HOPE!
LOOK, GOODWIN,
IF YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BE THE LEGENDARY MAN
WE THOUGHT YOU WERE,
THEN I GUESS I'M
JUST GONNA HAVE TO
STEP UP
AND FILL THOSE
SHOES FOR YOU
BECAUSE SATELLITE
NEEDS ITS HEROES.
LOOK OUT!
[SQUAWKING]
Jack: QUICK, CROW!
BEHIND YOU!
CROW, NO!
Goodwin: THAT WILL
TEACH YOU TO DARE
TALK BACK TO ME.
NOW, THEN WHERE
WERE WE AGAIN EXACTLY?
AH, YES,
I REMEMBER NOW,
ABOUT TO ROUT
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS!
DON'T THINK SO.
I PLAY MY
FACEDOWN CARD,
LIFE EXCHANGE.
WITH THIS TRAP,
IF LIFE POINTS CHANGE
DUE TO A CARD EFFECT,
I BECOME THE NEW TARGET
OF THAT EFFECT.
NO, THAT MEANS...
I TOLD YOU I'D BE
FILLING THOSE SHOES.
YUSEI'S
OUR BEST SHOT
AT WINNING THIS,
AND I'M NOT LETTING
YOU TAKE HIM OUT,
EVEN IF IT MEANS ME
PUTTING IT ALL
ON THE LINE
TO KEEP HIM
OUT HERE.
FACE IT, GOODWIN.
THE POWER WE
GET FOR FIGHTING
FOR WHAT'S RIGHT
WILL ALWAYS BE
STRONGER THAN
WHAT YOU GOT.
NOW LET'S DO THIS!
BUT HE'LL BE...
FLATTENED.
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
IT'S EASY TO BE BRAVE WHEN
YOU'RE A FOOL.
WIRAQOCHA RASCA,
REDUCE CROW'S
LIFE POINTS TO ONE!
AAH!
OH, NO! CROW!
HE'S DONE FOR!
SORRY, GOODWIN, BUT
IF I'M GOING DOWN,
YOU BETTER BELIEVE
I'M GOING DOWN
SWINGING.
'CAUSE GUESS WHAT.
LIFE EXCHANGE
HAS ANOTHER EFFECT.
WHEN MY LIFE POINTS
DECREASE,
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
IS DESTROYED.
BUT THAT MEANS...
THAT MEANS ALL I GOT
TO DO IS PICK.
AND I PICK YOUR
MOON SHADOW DRAGON!
[SCREAMING]
CROW, NO!
YOU FOOL.
WHEN MOON DRAGON QUILLA
IS DESTROYED,
MY SUN DRAGON INTI
IS RESURRECTED.
WAIT. HE'S BACK?
AND LAST, I RELEASE
ARMOR MASTER TO ACTIVATE
THE TRAP BLACKWING ANCHOR!
THAT'S IT, YUSEI AND JACK.
I'M AFRAID THAT YOU GUYS ARE
GONNA HAVE TO TAKE IT
FROM HERE ON OUT!
I KNOW YOU GUYS CAN DO IT.
I KNOW YOU CAN BE
SATELLITE'S NEW HEROES!
AH, BOY. THIS IS GONNA
BE ONE ROUGH LANDING!
HE'S DROPPING
TOO FAST!
CROW!
WAIT. LOOK!
HE LANDED!
HE'S OK?
AFRAID NOT.
HE'S DOWN!
OH, NO!
[CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]
I'M AFRAID IF CROW
CAN'T RIDE, THEN
HE CAN'T DUEL EITHER.
I HOPE THAT BEING
A HERO WAS WORTH IT.
IT VERY RARELY IS.
NOW THEN, I'LL END
MY TURN WITH A FACEDOWN.
IT'LL BE WORTH IT.
JUST YOU WAIT
AND SEE, GOODWIN. UGH.
Yusei:
CROOOOOW!
YOU'LL BE AVENGED,
OLD FRIEND.
IT'S MY TURN NOW!
FIRST I SUMMON
SINISTER SPROCKET!
AND THEN I'LL TUNE
MY SINISTER SPROCKET
WITH MY LEVEL 4 MAD ARCHFIEND
AND LEVEL 3 MAGIC HOLE GOLEM!
THAT'S RIGHT, GOODWIN.
WITNESS AS GREAT POWER
IS FORTIFIED
INTO A SINGLE VESSEL
AS MIGHT BECOMES EVEN MIGHTIER.
AS I SYNCHRO SUMMON
THE RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
Goodwin: SO WHAT?
EVEN IF YOU DESTROY
MY SUN DRAGON,
ITS ABILITY WILL
DESTROY YOUR MONSTER,
AND THEN YOU'LL TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO ITS ATTACK POINTS.
THAT'S WHY I'M
PLAYING THIS--
THE TRAP
HALF STRAIGHT!
THIS ALLOWS
ME TO CUT
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF MY DRAGON
ARCHFIEND IN HALF
UNTIL
THE STANDBY PHASE
OF MY NEXT TURN.
WHY WOULD I WANT
TO DO THAT?
BECAUSE IF I HAVE
A MONSTER WITH
LESS ATTACK POINTS
THAN YOUR
STRONGEST MONSTER,
I'M THEN
ALLOWED TO ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY!
AND THAT MEANS
YOUR SUN DRAGON INTI
WON'T GET TO USE
HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY AGAINST ME.
NOW GO, RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND.
ATTACK
WITH SCORCHING
CRIMSON FLARE.
NOT SO FAST. INTI
HAS ANOTHER ABILITY.
IT MAKES ITS ATTACK
POINTS GO DOWN TO ZERO.
IT WHAT?
NOT GOOD.
NOW INTI'S
THE WEAKEST MONSTER
ON THE FIELD!
AND I THINK
WE BOTH KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU CAN NO LONGER
ATTACK ME DIRECTLY.
INSTEAD YOU'LL HAVE
TO BATTLE MY SUN DRAGON
AFTER ALL.
BUT THEN MY
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
WILL BE CRUSHED.
OH, NO, IT WON'T!
I PLAY SCRUBBED RAID.
NOW, BY SENDING
A CARD ON THE FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOU CAN END THE BATTLE
PHASE FOR THIS TURN.
GO, JACK. YOU JUST HAVE
TO PICK OUT WHICH CARD.
Goodwin: OR DO YOU?
AFTER ALL, THE JACK
THAT I KNOW
IS NOT EXACTLY ONE
TO TAKE ORDERS.
NO, THE JACK ATLAS
THAT I KNOW
WAS ALWAYS A MAN
WHO COULD MAKE HIS
OWN DECISIONS,
ESPECIALLY IN A DUEL.
QUIET! JACK, DON'T
LISTEN TO HIM.
HE'S JUST TRYING TO
GET INTO YOUR HEAD.
TUNE HIM OUT!
WHY WOULD JACK EVER WANT
TO TUNE OUT THE TRUTH?
THE TRUTH IS WHAT
MADE HIM A CHAMPION.
I SAY TUNE OUT
YUSEI, JACK.
AFTER ALL, IT WOULDN'T
BE THE FIRST TIME YOU
TUNED OUT
YOUR SO-CALLED
FRIENDS, WOULD IT?
AND YOU WERE WISE TO DO
SO IF YOU ASK ME.
YOU DON'T NEED THEM, JACK.
STOP IT! YOU'RE
JUST TRYING TO
WEDGE US APART,
AND IT'S NOT GONNA WORK.
ALL I'M SAYING IS
THIS, ONCE UPON A TIME,
JACK ATLAS WAS
A GREAT DUEL CHAMPION.
AND THEN HE GOT CAUGHT
UP IN ALL THIS SILLY
FRIENDSHIP BUSINESS
AND BECAME A BIG NOBODY.
COME, JACK. YOU KNOW
THAT I AM RIGHT--
THAT NOW YOU'RE
NOTHING MORE THAN
A SINGLE SPOKE
ON A BROKEN WHEEL
GOING NOWHERE,
A SHELL OF
THE DUEL MONSTERS
LEGEND YOU ONCE WERE.
BUT, JACK, IT'S NOT
TOO LATE, YOU KNOW.
YOU STILL HAVE TIME
TO BECOME THE MAN
YOU ONCE WERE,
TO BE THE GREATEST
DUEL CHAMPION OF OUR
TIME OR ANY OTHER.
AND ALL YOU NEED DO
IS TURN YOUR BACK ON
YOUR FRIENDS HERE AND NOW.
Jack: HE'S RIGHT.
IT'S TIME I DUEL FOR ME.
Jack: GOODWIN'S RIGHT.
IT'S TIME I DUEL FOR ME!
NO, JACK!
GO, RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
ATTACK THAT
SUN DRAGON INTI!
GO, SCORCHING
CRIMSON FLARE!
I'M QUITE PROUD
OF YOU, JACK.
YOU HAVE DONE IT.
YOU DUELED ONLY
FOR YOURSELF THERE,
AND NOW YOU'LL
PAY THE PRICE!
I ACTIVATE SUN DRAGON
INTI'S ABILITY.
NOW, NOT ONLY IS YOUR
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
DESTROYED
FOR TAKING DOWN INTI,
BUT YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO DRAGON ARCHFIEND'S
ATTACK POINTS, AS WELL!
WHY'D YOU DO IT?
WE HAD HIM, JACK.
AND NOW YOU HAVE
MOON DRAGON QUILLA
BECAUSE HE RISES BACK UP
WHEN INTI IS DESTROYED.
I PLACE ONE FACEDOWN
TO END MY TURN.
NOW, NOW. DON'T GET
SO DOWN ON YOURSELF.
IT WILL TAKE SOME TIME
TO BRING YOU BACK
TO YOUR GLORY DAYS
OF YESTERYEAR.
TRUST ME, I,
OF ALL PEOPLE, KNOW.
AFTER ALL, JACK,
I HAD TO GO IT ALONE
FOR QUITE A LONG TIME
TO GET WHERE I AM.
I THINK I JUST REALIZED
SOMETHING.
I DON'T WANT TO BE LIKE YOU.
BEING THE BEST, IT'S NICE,
BUT NOT WHEN YOU
EXPERIENCE IT ALONE.
WHAT REALLY MATTERS IS HAVING
PEOPLE TO SHARE
YOUR TRIUMPHS WITH.
WOW, JACK.
ALL THE PEOPLE
I'VE MET AND BECOME
FRIENDS WITH
GETTING TO THIS POINT HAVE
TAUGHT ME THAT,
ESPECIALLY ONE VERY
SPECIAL INDIVIDUAL.
NOW, GOODWIN, I'LL PAY
THAT INDIVIDUAL BACK
AS WELL AS THE REST
OF MY FRIENDS BY GIVING UP
MY LONER WAYS FOR GOOD.
IT'S THE LEAST
I CAN DO AFTER ALL
THEY'VE DONE FOR ME.
JACK.
FROM HERE ON OUT,
I'M GOING TO RISK
EVERYTHING THAT I HAVE
AND EVERYTHING THAT
I AM TO DO WHAT'S RIGHT,
JUST LIKE SOMEONE
DID FOR ME ONCE.
THIS ONE'S
FOR YOU, CARLY!
GOODWIN, YOU AND YOUR
DREAMS OF WORLD CONQUEST
ARE GOING TO BE STOPPED.
YOU FOOL.
YOUR SAPPY IDEALS CAN'T
WIN THIS CONTEST FOR YOU.
JUST FACE IT.
THE TRUST YOU PUT IN YOUR
FRIENDS IS ALL WASTED.
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT
BECAUSE NOW
IT'S MY TURN
TO DRAW, GOODWIN.
HERE I GO!
Yusei, thinking:
AND HERE'S HOPING I CAN
TURN THE TIDE OF THIS DUEL
RIGHT NOW.
Yusei: FIRST,
DUE TO JUNK ARCHER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
MOON QUILLA IS
REMOVED FROM PLAY.
I THINK NOT.
I PLAY A TRAP--
DESTRUCT POTION.
NOW, BY DESTROYING
MY OWN MONSTER,
I GET TO GAIN LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO ITS
ATTACK POINTS.
AND AS YOU CAN SEE,
THE MONSTER I CHOSE
TO DESTROY IS
MOON DRAGON QUILLA.
AND SINCE HE'S GONE,
SUN DRAGON
INTI RISES AGAIN!
SO MUCH FOR THE GRAND
POWER OF FRIENDSHIP,
EH, YUSEI?
ANYTHING ELSE YOU'D
CARE TO TRY THIS TURN?
I'M DONE. YOUR MOVE.
YOU PEONS, YOU FOOLS.
YOU STRUGGLE, YOU FIGHT.
AND FOR WHAT?
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO,
IT WILL ALL JUST
END THE SAME WAY.
I WARNED YOU THAT
YOUR FATES WERE SEALED.
THEY ARE,
JUST AS THE FATE
OF THE ENTIRE WORLD IS
SEALED, AS WELL.
ALL THAT YOU'VE SAID
AND DONE, IT MEANS NOTHING.
DOOMSDAY IS
FINALLY HERE!
TIME HAS ALL BUT RUN OUT.
THE SIGNERS HAVE FAILED!
[GOODWIN CHUCKLING SINISTERLY]